Create ICoreDebugProcess11-interface (#29732)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/unmanaged-api/debugging/icordebugmodule4-interface.md

---
description: "Learn more about: ICorDebugModule4 Interface"
title: "ICorDebugModule4 Interface"
ms.date: "06/06/2022"
api_name: 
  - "ICorDebugModule4"
api_location: 
  - "CorDebug.dll"
api_type: 
  - "COM"
f1_keywords: 
  - "ICorDebugModule4"
helpviewer_keywords: 
  - "ICorDebugModule4 interface [.NET Framework debugging]"
ms.assetid:
  - "apiref"
---
# ICorDebugModule4 Interface

> Query to see if the module is loaded into memory in mapped/hydrated format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provides a method that determines whether the module is loaded into memory in mapped/hydrated format.
```

  
## Syntax  
  
```cpp  
interface ICorDebugModule4 : IUnknown  
{  
     HRESULT IsMappedLayout(
     [out] BOOL *pIsMapped
     ); 
};  
```  
  
## Methods  
  
|Method|Description|  
|------------|-----------------|  
|[ICorDebugModule4::IsMappedLayout Method](icordebugmodule4-ismappedlayout-method.md)|Queries to see if the module is loaded into memory in mapped/hydrated format.|  
  
## Remarks  

>  This interface logically extends the "ICorDebugModule", "ICorDebugModule2", and "ICoreDebugModule3" interfaces.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This interface logically extends the `ICorDebugModule`, `ICorDebugModule2`, and `ICoreDebugModule3` interfaces.  
```

  
> [!NOTE]
> This interface does not support being called remotely, either cross-machine or cross-process.  
  
## Requirements  

 **Platforms:** See [System Requirements](../../get-started/system-requirements.md).  
  
 **Header:** CorDebug.idl, CorDebug.h  
  
 **Library:** CorGuids.lib  
  

>  **.NET Framework Versions:** 4.5, 4, 3.5 SP1

Reviewer 2: We don't support this in .NET Framework nor do we support `ICorDebugProcess11`. It's gonna fail with E_NOINTERFACE.

Author: Will you please explain more what you mean? 
Based off your comment, I will remove all of the docs on ICoreDebugProcess11, is that correct? 
Is there anything else I should do in addition to that?

Reviewer 2: No, I'd say adjust these versions. These were surfaced on .NET 5
